if not
hello classmates how is this is a
minute is once again measured
battlefield 4 today we are going to talk about
You are after a week of play
pretty intense'll give you a little my
impressions my opinion of what is
being the game
the current generation in playstation3 and
360 on xbox 360
we forgot for now of pc we
we forget playstation 4 for now
when the new generation null comes out
we will talk about how is the game that
what differences do we find worth
we are in favor to explain you a little
just what you will see playing
engineer with the weapon rpg I wear the n
nx 4 which is one of the first
they give one of my first games because
I think the level 7 or 8 but we're going
the first two days as like that
who says not just just entered into
this base and in the end you will know how
ended not but well let's get down to business
because the current consoles version
is raising many opinions and I already
you are asking to see mine how is it
but good we are going to divide you a little
let's talk first I think we're going
to go from bad to better than worse is
what I like the most is the first of
all in graphics a lot of people are
noticing and here something fails, I'm not
the opinion that even beats filtres
you could get to see a little better
I think what you give this time had
to do so many versions that he said
look let's focus on pc which is the
important for us the base the
original and then we put in consoles of
new generation the best we can and
play 3 and xbox 360 then let's leave it
what we can and it gives me the feeling of
that even goes from fil 3 looks a bit
better not in graphics and it gives me the
feeling that not that they are not so
polished the fps is they have some
brutal falls are very unstable
any map from what you already know
which is where less vehicles there is good
in fact there are no vehicles but although
there are many explosions of grenades and such
there is a lot of popping
let's hope for what I've seen in the
playstation 4 and xbox one videos that
this is improving and I think that's what
worse that you have in good next to the 12
players per team the worst it has
these versions not because of these 24
players make modes like
conquests stay a little
soulless and for me the best ways
to play in these consoles are assault
eradication in Spanish and
the one of yuzhno to the one of to deactivate and is
that I am against the all against
you all already know about ideas from
domination so are the three modes
that I'm playing myself yo more then I think
that the vehicles are still the worst
unemployed continue to make them
of paper in me in my opinion though
although it is also true that they have
example the tanks and such is no longer
they become incapacitated as soon as
which have a little more margin of
maneuver and good have a lot of things
in many more unlockables with what
equal to the end of time there is a
better balance or at least for
tanks the aerial vehicles are the
they are loading in my opinion little by little
although of that deepen better in another
video is worth let's say we can say that
the football terrestrials do not leave
enduring but the airs but that already
slowly
it's as if practically good in play 3
almost that they could be removed because
at least there would be more players not for him
for him on the floor and there are maps to
manager that the jet well the helicopter
of attack do not make much sense
but well let's go a little talking
before I finish all this from the
things that I do like are the
novelties for example the theme of
resuscitation I like it much more how it is
the inclusion of the mode
It's pretty fun to play like that
some different games especially
when you are playing with friends it is very
fun to play commander and see what
what is happening
after one thing that they have included and I
I really like it from the field of
tests where we can go and try the
vehicles and make our prophecies without
have to be playing online and let's say
that hurting your team if you do not know
control some things but but good
are things that both now and in
play 4 or the new consoles
generation that are going to be are new
that I'm really enjoying, I think
as in the theme of gameplay is
Much is much better game Battlefield 4
more difficult 3 and to me yes that gives me the
feeling that it 's a new game
not so much the graphic aspect because
it is true that many things
they seem but the gameplay when I'm
playing they continue to give that feeling of
new game that greater kick those
changes in resuscitations that said
before in many more des blog
I do not know they have many very good things that
yes, I'm liking it and for the moment
What I can tell you is that if you
you are going to buy the new console
generation plus the batting of 4 and now I
I would spend the money to buy it for
Play 3 Wii Xbox because it really shows
a little attention pinball version that
I was saving the tree because I notice it
a very very loose version very loose and
I think the new consoles will be
another totally different game with those
64 players
better graphics with 60 frames I do not know if
they will be stable or not but good much more
fluid and an experience much much much
older I think we have run a little
big the game for new consoles
good forgiveness for the current consoles
and good guys what I was saying
manage to catch for the new hope
a few more weeks that you will have it and
nothing I see you in another video take care of you bye
bye